Hovercraft-t2t


%!target: rst



**The merge of convenience and cool!**

Hovercraft-t2t is a tool to make impress.js_ presentations from
txt2tags. For a quick explanation, see the demo_.


== Features ==


- Write your presentations in a text markup language. No slow, limiting GUI, no annoying HTML!

- Pan, rotate and zoom in 3D, with automatic repositioning of slides!

- A presenter console with notes and slide previews!

- The slide show generated is in HTML, so you only need a web browser to show it.

- Easy sharing, as it can be put up on a website for anyone to see!


% Full documentation is available at readthedocs.org_, and also in the documentation subdirectory.


== Limitations ==

- presentations can only use moving slides. No "dissolve" effect yet.
- can't display bullets in lists one by one, like in traditional presentations.
- unlike reveal.js, doesn't seem to display well on smartphones or tablets.


== Installation ==


Hovercraft_ requires Python 3.2 or later, and can be installed like any Python package. Txt2tags_ requires Python 2.6

The easiest way is to install pip_, and then run:

``` pip install hovercraft
    
Hovercraft is untested on Windows, but there is no reason it shouldn't work, at least in theory.




== Contributors ==


The original Hovercraft_! was written by Lennart Regebro <regebro@mail.com>, and is licensed as CC-0, except for the following:

- ``reST.xsl`` is (c) Michael Alyn Miller <malyn@strangeGizmo.com> and
  published under a BSD-style license included in reST.xsl itself.

- ``impress.js`` is (c) Bartek Szopka (@bartaz) released under MIT and GPL
  licenses. See the impress.js_ page for more information.

Other contributors:

- Carl Meyer (carljm)

- Chris Withers (cjw296)

- Eric Forgeot : hovercraft + txt2tags


.. _impress.js: http://github.com/bartaz/impress.js
.. _demo: http://farvardin.github.io/hovercraft-t2t/sample
.. _readthedocs.org: https://hovercraft.readthedocs.org/
.. _pip: http://www.pip-installer.org/en/latest/
.. _hovercraft: http://github.com/regebro/hovercraft
.. _txt2tags: http://www.txt2tags.org


